
I solve weird problems. My entire career in technology has focused on
getting businesses and organizations trough situations where conventional
sources of support fail, or won't even try. I've fixed an obscure problem
with the files containing an author's manuscript, allowing his book to go
to press, I've helped identify and fix mysterious intermittent communications
problems in an office tower related to vibration from a freight elevator,
developed an outside-the-box backup solution for a large telephone system
with failed backup hardware, identified a means of solving an apparently
insoluble issue that same phone system's dial plans being unable to
correctly route local and long distance calls after changes to the PSTN
that the designers didn't anticipate, created a server virtualization plan for
a business with a complex mixture of current and legacy infrastructure, and
helped a University of Washington researcher interface a gas chromatograph
to a mass spectrometer.

What makes me different? When I was a small child, I was a constant pest to my
much-older brother, as he repaired and rebuilt a number of old cars, trucks, and
a boat in our garage, giving me early exposure to things mechanical and electrical,
and the beginnings of an intuitive grasp of troubleshooting. Later, I passed my first
ham radio license exam at age 9, and progressed 3 license classes by age 13. I
immediately became involved in supporting public events and preparing for emergencies
using ham radio. This exposed me to many troubleshooting situations with time constraints
at an early age. Simultaneously, I developed an interest in autonomous mobile
robotics, and became involved with the Seattle Robotics Society, eventually getting
one-on-one mentoring by a mechanical engineer. Shortly thereafter, I finagled a
legitimately-licensed 16 user copy of SCO's System V-based Unix, which I proceeded to
install it on a patched-together 486. I chased-down somewhat obsolete but still
supported multi-port serial boards, a SCSI controller, a Telebit PEP modem for UUCP,
a number of old dumb terminals, and then came close to failing my classes 5 school
years in a row.
